Add useLocation hook to router readme (#756)
redwoodjs/redwood: packages/router/README.md

In the above example, we've pulled in the `id` route parameter without needing to have it passed in to us from anywhere.

## useLocation

> Returns a read-only location object representing the current URL with pathname, search, and hash key/values that update when the URL changes. This makes it easy to fire off navigation side effects or use the URL as if it were state management:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to get access to the current URL, `useLocation` returns a read-only location object representing it. The location object has three properties, [pathname](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Location/pathname), [search](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Location/search), and [hash](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Location/hash), that update when the URL changes. This makes it easy to fire off navigation side effects or use the URL as if it were state:
```
